all right hello YouTube would you do 15
here bringing you a tutorial on how to
play Minecraft Pocket Edition online
like how to join online servers um like
not just over the same Wi-Fi router but
to join other people online so what
you're going to have to do is you're
going to have to have your iphone or
ipod has to be jailbroken of course i
always like you need to so if you don't
know how i'll break it i'll probably put
up tutorial sometime soon how to
jailbreak your ipod so you have to open
up cydia and then just wait for it to
load like always and then once you're in
cydia you want to go down here to manage
and then i'm pretty sure you know how do
this if you have Cydia ready but i'll
show you manage edit add and then you're
going to want to add this repo like this
but i'll be in the description below if
you just want to copy and paste it it's
this one right here once you add it
it'll be this one right here once you
please just click on it and then install
MC server once you install that you just
want to go ahead and quit cydia and then
you're going to want to make sure your
minecraft closed via the multitasking
bar because if it's open then it won't
work so then you want to go ahead and
launch minecraft alright once you open
up minecraft what you're going to want
to do is simply just go to options once
you do once you do go options you're
going to see this new bar that says
server IP and this is where you're going
to type in your friends or whoever
server IP whoever servers is that you
want to join so for example just erase
this oh yeah and that IP is the default
IP that allows you to join servers and
your same Wi-Fi router so if you want to
join someone in your same Wi-Fi router
just retype that 255 255 255
I pee and then you'll be able to join
people in the same Wi-Fi router so just
go ahead type in the IP of whoever so
ever you want to join and I will have a
IP right now because I'll know anybody's
who's hosting a server right now so I'm
just typing something random and it's
going to give me an error code to fake
IP like I said so what I guess and then
gave me an error this time and then what
you're going to want to do is then after
you do that go join game and all to see
there's the error and then their game
should appear here like if you were
joining a Wi-Fi server but if it's not
here then that means they're either
offline or not playing at the moment but
it should work so so that's how
basically how you play online and i'll
be hosting my own server so i'll put my
IP in the description below to if you
want to join me it's going to be a
survival world so no griefers know
anything no mods if you have mods please
don't join or you could join but don't
just save the same of the models mods
the only mod you could have that I'm
fine with is the name tag mod and if you
want to communicate inside the server
just just um write a sign that's the way
we could communicate because we can't
type anything and yeah so it won't be on
twenty-four/seven and what the heck I
just died so it won't be on the server
won't be on 24 7 so when i'm online you
feel free to join if I'm if I'm here and
if I'm not what I'm in sign online send
me a message if you want to play i'll
probably get on i also have minecraft
for the xbox 360 edition i host hunger
games on xbox 360 if you want to play
there to add me at what you do 15 so and
please subscribe and rate and like this
video and comment everyone and thanks
for watching guys